[TRUNKS]
Okay... five-seven-three...
one-eight-two-two-zero...
So... right around here.
Goku won't be here
for a little while yet,
so we might as well
relax while we wait...
I brought plenty.
Help yourselves
if you're thirsty.
Well, then...
I'll have something.
Me, too.
Hey, wait...! Gohan...!
Thanks, Mister...!
Let's see... what
sounds the best...?
Huh... that's weird...
I've never seen
these brands before...
Wow...!
That's great!
Yeah! You're right!
So a... you
got any grape...
Hey, kid...
have we met
somewhere before?
No, I... I
doubt it.
Hey so, where
do you know
my dad from, anyway?
I've never had the honor
of meeting
him face to face...
I only know
him by reputation.
[KRILLIN]
So how did you
guys plan this?
How do you know
he's gonna be
here in 3 hours...
Oh... well, uh...
Sorry, guys...
Can't tell you.
Oh, you can't...?!
Well, I
demand answers...
starting with
who you are...!
Where does
a boy like you
get that
kind of power?!
[GOHAN]
Um, when you
defeated Frieza
and that big
guy with him,
you were a
Super Saiyan, huh!
I... guess you
could say that, yeah.
Give me a break!
There are
exactly two Saiyans
left in the universe...
myself and Kakarot.
Three, if we count this
little half-breed here.
Frieza saw to
it that our race
was all but wiped
out from existence!
So there is no way
that you could
be a Saiyan.
Right?
[GOHAN]
Yeah, but...he was
totally a Super Saiyan
when he beat Frieza.
He even had the
crazy blond hair
and everything.
And the hair
of a real Saiyan
would be black
the rest of the time.
[GOHAN GASPS]
[BULMA]
Say, that logo
on your sleeve...
that's Capsule
Corporation, isn't it?
Do you work
for our company?
No, I'm definitely
not an employee.
Didn't think so.
Well, then
what's your name...
or is that a
big secret, too?
Uh, actually it is...
But I can tell
you I'm seventeen.
Odd that he won't
volunteer his name.
Yeah.
What is he hiding?
Hey, boys...
We've grilled him
enough, don't you think?
If it wasn't for
whoever-he-is here,
the entire planet would
have been blown away!
[VEGETA GROWLS]
[BULMA GIGGLES]
[OPENING SONG]
[NARRATOR]
Welcome Back, Goku!
Confessions of the
Mysterious Youth, Trunks
Hey, uh, Piccolo...
I've been wondering
something for a while.
What is it?
Well, a year ago,
when Dende
and all the other Namekians
used the Dragon Balls
to move to a new
home planet...?
How come you didn't want
to go along with them?
I mean, they are your
people, aren't they?
There isn't some
great mystery to it.
A peaceful life
with my brethren
would have bored
me out of my skull.
[GOHAN]
Oh! So that's why you
train so hard every day...
to keep from
getting bored?
[PICCOLO]
More or less.
Vegeta's the same way,
he can't stand
to sit around...
That's all he
does is train,
every day, all day.
Yeah... The guy's
really got a serious
hang-up about
beating Goku, doesn't he.
I've never met
anyone with so much pride.
Of course, he was
a Saiyan prince.
They look alike, huh?
Who does?
Vegeta and
that mystery boy...
I'm not making this up...
Just take a look...
[KRILLIN]
Huh?
Yeah, I guess...
If I squint
just right...
[VEGETA]
You keep staring.
Am I so
fascinating to you?
If you're the Saiyan
you claim to be...
certainly you've seen
one of our kind before!
Well... I haven't...
I suppose he might
of heard of Goku
out in space and decided
to come meet him here.
You think that's too
much of a stretch?
I dunno, Tien...
he looks like he belongs
right here on Earth.
[TRUNKS]
It's been three
hours, everyone...
Goku's ship should
be touching down
any minute now.
Really?!
[CHIAOTZU]
Yeah, he's right!
I sense a huge power
coming this way!
It's heading
right for us!
It sounds like Mystery Boy
was right on the
money when he told us
where and when Goku
would be coming back.
[GOHAN]
That's my dad!
That's his energy...
I know it!
Dad!
[KRILLIN]
Let's go...
[BULMA]
Hey, wait up!
These shoes aren't
made for running!
Boys...! Wait for me!
I found it!
What the?
[BULMA]
You're back...
you're finally back!
[GOHAN]
Wow! It's really you, Dad!
What're you all
doing out here
in the middle
of nowhere?
Heya, Dad!
Welcome back to Earth!
All right!
[BULMA]
Goku's home!
Seriously, guys.
How'd you
know where I'd be?
It's not like
I called ahead.
It was all
thanks to him!
And he knew when you
were going to arrive, too...
right down
to the minute!
Yeah, Dad...!
He's a friend of
yours, isn't he?!
Who're you?
[EVERYONE]
Huh?
[BULMA]
Wait a sec!
You don't know
who this guy is?
Sorry...
Never met the kid.
But if he's
not your friend,
how'd he figure
out exactly where
and when
you'd be back?
I dunno!
Come to think of it,
Frieza's ship locked
onto my position,
so I bet they had
a pretty good idea
when I was going
to be coming down.
Speaking of Frieza,
who put him in
his place, anyway?
I felt some crazy energy...!
You, Piccolo?
Or was it you, Vegeta?
He was defeated...
by this stranger...
faster than
you can blink...
And he transforms
into a Super Saiyan,
just like you.
A Super Saiyan?!
You don't say!
Wow! Way to go, kid!
Congratulations on that!
I gotta admit;
I'm surprised.
Vegeta always said
there weren't any
more Saiyans left!
Fool! What part of
our "planet exploded"
don't you
understand?!
Well, I guess it doesn't
really matter either way.
Yes it does
matter, mister!
I guess you
still don't take
anything seriously,
do you?
I don't?
Goku...
I, uh, need to
have a word with you.
Okay...
But... Just
the two of us.
All right, then.
[YAMCHA]
You just met the kid,
and now you guys
are keeping secrets?
Don't worry, Yamcha...
I'll be right back.
[YAMCHA]
But...
Here should be good.
Oh, I forgot to
say it back there.
But thanks a lot
for taking care
of Frieza for me...!
Guess I let him
off too easily, huh.
You were supposed
to be the one
to defeat Frieza
and his father...
But events didn't seem
to be going as planned...
So I stepped in...
Y'know, just to
pick up the slack.
Yeah...!
Frieza must of made
some really good time
in his spaceship...
I didn't think
he'd beat me back.
He didn't learn his
lesson after Planet Namek,
but I woulda' taught him
not to mess with Earth.
He landed three
hours before you...
there might
not have been
an Earth by the
time you got back.
That's what you think,
but I had a little
something up my sleeve.
Oh... is that so?
Yeah...
It's a trick they call
Instant Transmission!
Like, teleporting?!
I picked it up
from the natives
on this planet
called Yardrat.
I was about to zip
down here from my ship
and mop up the
floor with Frieza,
but you beat
me to the punch.
[TRUNKS]
I had no idea!
I didn't know you
had those sorts
of skills at your
disposal, Goku.
I thought you
were too far away
to be able to stop him...!
Which means I
needlessly changed
the course of history.
I've muddied the timeline
even more by encountering
all the others,
when all I had
to do was find you.
"Timeline?"
What's going on?
I'll explain, but first
I have a question.
Tell me, Goku.
How well can you control
your Saiyan abilities?
Are you able to
transform at will?
Oh! Well at first,
I had to be really
worked up to change,
but now I can pretty
much do it whenever.
Please, show me...
I would consider
it an honor.
Huh?
I have to know...
All right then...
He just turned Super Saiyan
like it was nothing!
This what you had in mind?
[TRUNKS]
Yeah. Thanks
for humoring me.
This is incredible...
You look exactly
like I do
when I go Super Saiyan.
So, what do we do now?
I guess I should
return the favor.
[VEGETA THINKING]
Impossible...!
We really do
look alike, huh...
Sorry, Goku.
Huh?
Why didn't you try
to dodge my attack?
I don't sense any
evil intentions...
I knew you weren't
going to hurt me.
Ah, I see.
But this time, Goku,
I'm following through.
Go right ahead.
Awesome...
People told me
you were amazing...
But you're even
better than that.
Y'know, I beat Frieza
in the blink of an eye
using this sword.
Well, I'm guessing
you weren't
really trying your
hardest against me.
But now I know I
can trust you, Goku...
It's time for
me to come clean.
Did you
see that...?!
Just barely...!
Those guys are
off the charts...!
[TRUNKS]
The stuff I'm about
to tell you is...
sensitive...
All of this has to
stay strictly between us.
Fair enough.
What you say
won't go any further...
I can keep a secret
with the best of 'em.
Well...I arrived here
today in a time machine,
from a point twenty
years in the future,
give or take.
Wait... are you serious?
You traveled back
from the future?!
That's right...
and my name's Trunks...
Vegeta's right
when he says there aren't
any other Saiyans left...
It's kind of ironic,
though, 'cause...
he's my father.
[GOKU YELPS]
So...someone has
a kid with Vegeta...
and that kid is you?!
Oh man...
I can totally
see it now...!
Vegeta's a daddy?
That's nuts...!
Not for
another two years...
but yeah, basically.
Wow.
That blows my mind...!
Actually, that
isn't what I've come
all this way back
in time to tell you.
I need your help, Goku...
Before all is lost.
Three years from now...
on the twelfth of May,
at sometime around
ten in the morning...
On an island nine
miles off of South City...
they will make themselves
known to the world.
They're a pair
of monstrosities,
far more powerful
than anything
our Earth has ever seen.
That bad, huh?
Aliens, maybe?
No... Some kind of
hybrid combination
of man and machine...
Androids, born
right here on Earth.
And the man
who created them,
was none other than
the Red Ribbon Army's
resident lunatic...
Dr. Gero!
[GOKU GASPS]
Dr. Gero, but
how can that be?!
I wiped out the
Red Ribbon Army...
I'm sure of it!
I know...
You crushed the Red Ribbon
Army itself, years ago...
However,
Doctor Gero survived,
and carried on
with his research.
So, what's he after...?
Is it that whole
"I'm gonna take over
the world" thing again...
Knowing him,
probably...
He never issued
demands, but it lines up
with what he'd
pursued back in the day.
Gero got what was
coming to him, though.
He created those two androids
to terrorize mankind...
And their
very first victim...
was the doctor himself.
They delight in
chaos and destruction...
and with their
inventor gone,
no one knows
how to call them off.
Well... You're a
Super Saiyan, Trunks,
and you dealt
with Frieza easily...
like he was nobody.
If you say these
things are trouble,
then I'm sure
they must be...
Yes...They are...
I tried to take
them down myself,
but it didn't work...
I fought as
hard as I could...
In the end, I was lucky
to escape in one piece.
But, why'd you go
into the fight
two against one?
Couldn't anyone help?
They're gone.
[GOKU GASPS]
Goku...
I'm the only warrior
who's still around
twenty years from now.
In three years:
Krillin, Yamcha, Tien,
Chiaotzu, Piccolo,
even my father, Vegeta...
they will all be
defeated by the androids.
Your son is the only one
who manages to get away.
It's Gohan who
ends up teaching me
the ways of the warrior...
How to fight
like a Saiyan...
Up to the very end...
With Piccolo
defeated in my time,
The Dragon Balls...
and the wishes I
could use to bring
all of your friends
back to help me...
they no longer exist.
[TRUNKS GROWLS]
They've won...!
The androids are
just too powerful!
Trunks, hold on!
What about me?
Why am I not
helping you out...?
I guess the Androids
get to me too?
They don't...
you never battle.
Huh?
Not long after
the present, Goku,
you're going to come
down with an illness...
I'm afraid you
won't recover.
[GOKU GASPS]
It's a virus that
attacks your heart...
a microscopic
foe that even
a Super Saiyan
can't overpower.
A heart virus?
And senzu beans
can't do anything
to make it better?!
It's just not fair...
I mean... Why...
Why do I have to
miss all the fun?!
The part that
upsets you the most
is that you won't get
to face the Androids?
So you mean you aren't
afraid of them at all?
Well, sure, they
sound like monsters.
But it would be
a great chance
to see what
I'm made of...!
And I'm going
to miss out!
You truly are the caliber
of warrior I was
hoping you would be...
Gohan and my mom
weren't exaggerating
about you in the least.
When the symptoms appear,
use this vial.
What is it?
The medicine
you'll need...
The virus
you'll come down with
is incurable now,
but in twenty years,
we pretty much
have it licked.
Use that vial like I told
you, and you'll be fine.
That's great news...!
Thanks Trunks...!
I just wish you'd
saved me the suspense
and told me about
this from the start.
Well, honestly, I shouldn't
be messing
around with history...
actively trying to change
the future like I am...
But with the
future what it is...
Huh?
Now I'm sure...
You'll keep everything
from going
so wrong, Goku...
Mom knows it, too...
She kept telling me...
If she didn't
believe in you,
she wouldn't have
worked so hard
on the time machine.
Whoa!
Hold on just a second...!
Your mom's the one
who built your
time machine...?
So that means...
she must be a
genius, just like--
Right.
She's my mom.
[GOKU YELLS]
So Vegeta and Bulma...?!
How long are
they gonna
keep us
waiting...?!
I don't like being
in the dark here.
[BULMA]
I can't believe he fell,
Goku's usually more
graceful than that.
[GOKU]
Out of all
your future news,
that takes the cake!
I always figured
Bulma and Yamcha
would settle down
one of these days,
but her and Vegeta...?!
I can't even wrap my
head around that one!
[YAMCHA SNEEZES]
Gross, cover
your mouth.
Anyhow, they broke up,
and there was Vegeta...
She told me how he
looked so lonesome...
Still, the two of them?
I never would
have guessed...!
Though that all does
sound like something
Bulma'd do, now
that you explain it.
I was just a baby
when we
lost my father...
so I don't remember
anything about him...
Meeting him today
was pretty interesting,
to say the least.
Huh.
I wonder what Goku's
doing lookin' over here.
I don't know,
but he's smiling
pretty big.
[TRUNKS]
Please don't
say anything...!
About any of the
stuff I've told you,
but especially that!
If you mention it
and things end up
getting weird
between the two of them,
I might blip out
of existence
because they won't--
well, they won't,
you know...
'Kay...
It's our secret.
That about covers it.
I guess I should
be getting back
to the future so
I can tell my mom
I finally got to meet
the one and only Goku.
Right... and
tell her thanks
for the medicine, too.
This ought to shake
things up, don't you think?
Yeah...
With you in the game
this time around...
we might have a chance
of winning this fight.
So, is this goodbye?
Honestly...?
I don't know...
It takes us
months to charge up
the time machine
for a round trip.
But if I
can stay out
of harm's way
until it's ready,
then you can count
on seeing me again.
In three years time.
Alright...
then you be sure
you make it back...
Meanwhile,
I'll be training
non-stop these
next three years
to make sure
it's worth your trip.
[YAMCHA]
Hey! Where's that
kid flying off to?!
Well, okay...
now comes
the hard part...
What am I supposed
to tell everybody?
[GOHAN]
Dad! Hey, Dad!
[KRILLIN]
Come on,
spill it!
What did you
talk about?!
Aw, y'know...
I don't want to
bore you guys with it.
Talk, Goku...
This news affects
all of our futures,
not just you.
Piccolo...!
So... you
heard all of it?
Of course I did.
A Namekian's
ears are far
more sensitive
than a human's.
[BULMA]
In that case,
what's so important?
[KRILLIN]
Yea tell us Goku!
I, uh-- no,
I mean, so he...
If you're not feeling
up to the task,
I'll fill
them in myself.
But, if you tell 'em,
he said Trunks--!
Calm down already.
I'm not going
to say anything
that will threaten
his existence--
but the rest of us
shouldn't have to end up
on the chopping
block just because
we didn't know to
commit to our training.
[NARRATOR]
Piccolo informed the
others of the grim future
from which
Trunks had voyaged,
while managing
to leave the secret
of his parentage intact.
However, as
might be expected,
the full gravity
of Piccolo's tale
was slow to sink in.
You're messing
with us, aren't you?
C'mon he's
kidding, right?
A time machine, huh?
You're welcome to believe
whatever you want...
But I plan
on training...
harder than
ever before...
The Androids are
coming, either way.
Whoa!
[YAMCHA]
What in the?!
Father... you're just
like Mom described...
powerful...
full of pride...
but so distant...
And lonelier than
you may ever know.
[TRUNKS]
Please keep
yourself safe.
And Mom, good luck
to you. Be strong.
You know, I think I'd
better train, as well.
Oh yea...
Me too guys.
[VEGETA THINKING]
Hmph! If that brat thinks
I'll be defeated
by those Androids,
he knows nothing
of Saiyan strength!
[NARRATOR]
Having delivered
his dire warning,
the mysterious
young man disappeared
as suddenly as he'd come.
Will the diabolical Androids
really appear in
three years time?
Find out next
Dragon Ball Z Kai!
[CLOSING SONG]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
So, we're going
to have ourselves
some android trouble
in three years?
Then let's roll up
our sleeves
and get training!
[VEGETA]
Wipe that smile off
your face, Kakarot--
I'll be far
stronger than you
by the time
they get here!
[GOKU]
Heck, Vegeta--
with how hard
we're working,
I'll be far
stronger than me, too!
Next time, on
Dragon Ball Z Kai!
[VEGETA]
I will become
a Super Saiyan--
and then surpass it!